we begin in the Middle East where
Israel's military says 24 soldiers were
killed in central Gaza on Monday making
it the deadliest day for Israeli forces
since the start of their ground
operation in a statement prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu said yesterday we
experienced one of our most difficult
days since the war erupted in the name
of our heroes for the sake of Our Lives
we will not stop fighting until absolute
Victory he continued well his comments
come despite increasing pressure
internationally and from within Israel
for the fighting to stop to secure the
release of the remaining 130 hostages
held by Hamas and to allow in more
desperately needed humanitarian aid for
civilians in Gaza the Israeli military
says it's killed dozens of terrorists in
Gaza in the past 24 hours this video is
from the Israel Defense Forces showing
strikes on Hamas targets and let's show
you the live scene looking across Gaza
from Southern Israel let show you that
now there you can see it now that comes
as the Hassan Health Ministry in Gaza
says at least 195 Palestinians have been
killed in the past 24 hours that now
takes the total killed since the 7th of
October to
2,490 well our Middle East correspondent
yolan Nell has more from Jerusalem well
these were um 21 reservist so we're in a
location quite close to the Israeli
border near to the uh Israeli kibuts of
kisim which was one of those locations
attacked on the 7th of October the
Israeli military says that they were on
a mission to try to make things safe
enough for Israeli residents to go back
to their homes in the South and they
were in two twostory buildings um when
it seems that um missiles were fired at
a tank nearby and because the the two
buildings themselves uh had explosives
inside it looks like the plan by the
Israeli military was to demol them then
those two buildings themselves collapsed
the Israeli military says it's still
investigating exactly what happened
yoland now there in Jerusalem well let's